


  This handbook is mainly all about the opera “Elijah” by New York Philharmonic. I am fifty-times stoked about this performance, my friends, close-friends, as well as my family is going to support this class’ effort on making the 3D Visualizations.  Even though the story is difficult to comprehend, it is going to be a masterpiece when visuals is accompanied with the harmonious orchestra. This fuses music and art makes the artwork tells a biblical prophet, Elijah and makes this opera become alive with strengths. Each visuals represent a scene or scenes to make the story simple to understand, just like a picture book; or even telling words through imagery and allegory with the 3D visualizations.  With the 3D visuals, the emotion in the opera can be strongly shown as well as mixed with different media of art. When I first head of this story, I did not quite understand; since I am not in bible studies or even any religious study classes. Through the experience of the story, I am be able to understand and make my 3D visuals more dynamical as well as to improvise more narrative details into the story itself. Elijah is an amazing opera, the only thing that makes it great is all about the dynamics itself. After listening to two hours full performance of Elijah on my iPhone, I have the sense that I know where to make my animation insightful and elegant for the performance night.  Each detail in the 3D animation matches the story, and makes it alive so the performance will brighten the opera as well as polish the details to emphasize the main idea in Felix Mendelssohn’s Elijah oratorio.