This reading is an audience handbook of an opera----Mendelssohn’s Elijah, which is performed by Alan Gilbert and the New York Philharmonic in 2010-11 Season. The content is about the introduction of this season performance, the show’s catalogue, origins, lyrics translation, instruments performers and artists’ introductions. I think this handbook is very considerate for the audience which can help them understand comprehensively about this performance. Like it introduces the premiere, the story of Elijah, complete lyrics translation, so that audience can easier to keep up with the progress of the performance. I think concerts, operas are always thought an elegant art, so that people even feel like have a distance with them. Also, there is a reason that people think they can’t understand the content and easy to feel bored. I think Beijing Opera of our country it is somewhat similar, even worse. Can't understand like a wall blocking us the opportunity to appreciate art. Thus, I think bringing new content and new technology is a good way to draw the distance close between classical art and us. Good content like Elijah can moved us, and the combination with new technology can make the opera more attractive and charming. I think new technology shouldn’t be much eye-catching, people still should focus on the music itself. So I think it should be blend with the classic music rather than be abrupt. As far as possible hidden sense of technology, and transfer visualization to the feeling. And it is also good to make the playing instrument more visually, for instance, make the principle of instruments visualization, audience may pay more attention to the music, and have a better understand of what the performer doing.
