
To my understanding of this reading, digital performance in a way opened the door to the creation of the online personas because it allowed people to use technology in order to recreate themselves within the digital space and interact with others. Ex. The idea of role play within chat rooms in my opinion was the first to open up the idea of creating RPG games where the player is able to recreate and transport themselves into a digital world where they can experience numerous things. When I first heard about digital performances I only pictured theatre and other artistic performances that involved dancers and plays, however, I didn’t take video games into account until the reading mentioned it. What I also found interesting was the mention of the VR system which I didn’t think of as a thing until this generation of video game consoles. The idea of attempting to let audience members experience the advancement in technology basically opened the gateway for various ideas that we are now able to see today, especially with video games. Like I mentioned previously, social spaces like chatrooms were used by people in order to create a space where they can roleplay and try out identities that can enable exploration of the self. But to be honest I only cared about this part of the reading because it made me think of my favorite video game genre, role playing games, and how digital performances probably played a major role in having this genre be an actual thing. RPGs allows players to explore vast universes by either creating themselves or by creating a persona that allows them to explore sides of themselves that they might not show in real life situations. 
