After reading the article, I think that the digital performance we use today through the internet or computer is as artistic as a theatrical performance we would see in a stage. I feel that in the article, there is a part about digital performance being degraded to what a performance art is suppose to be. I don't agree with this concept because even though digital performances have more factors that could make it an performance art it doesn't mean that digital performance should be anything less than a theatrical performance done on stage. Since there are so many ways a digital performance can be altered through the internet or computer, and not a finite number like a theathrical performance, it doesn't take away the fact that it is still an artistic performance. 

I think that in new media I agree and disagree with Lev Manovich's ideas. I agree with Manovich that people that make the program are great "artists" because they made it possible for many other people/artists to be able to make art out of their programs but I don't think they are the "greatest" artist in today's world. I disagree with him because even though the people that made the program is what makes it possible for other artist to make a work of art these people/artist are what's making the art that are the greatest artist. All the people that programmed the software is making it possible to have endless possibilities for people to make art so I think it is the person/artist that combined some of the possibilities of the program to make an amazing art on itself. In my mind, I see it as the program giving an artist endless possibilities of tools and the artist has to make something amazing or artistic about it. 
