	Personally, I am always amazed at both the diversity of possibilities with digital performance, and at how commonplace it has become. By commonplace, I mean that digital performance doesn’t only have a presence in the art world, but it is used commercially all the time, at public events, at theme parks, for advertisement as well as pure entertainment, etc. I think that even though these performance exemplifications can be shallowly executed with no artistic depth, they are worth noting because artists are able to learn from them. Very often, they use cutting edge techniques and software, considering the amount of money poured into them. An example of this would be Disney’s World of Color show, which is a show with projection mapping on hundreds of strong streams of water. Again, not very content-driven, but the technique provides a jumping-off point for artists.
	One of the first artists referenced is Stelarc. More often than not, I am disturbed or grossed out by his work, especially that which relates to him playing with the idea of making himself into a cyborg. I’m aware that this is probably the type of reaction the artist is looking for, but it’s usually just not my cup of tea, tech-wise or concept-wise. However, I was intrigued by the work referenced in this article. I am very interested in working with the internet as my medium, but as an artist, it can be tricky to figure out ways to do it creatively and interactively. I was interested to learn that Stelarc created a piece that used it for both these things. I was impressed by the interactive element, in particular. For a user to have so much impact remotely, I think, is a really powerful thing.
	The reference to Erving Gofffman’s notions of performaive presentations of the self also struck me in this reading. I had never thought of creating avatars in video games as a means of creating art, but then again, the meaning and value of any work always depends on the way the artist uses the medium. In this case, it would be video games that are already created. Reading this brought back memories of being a kid and watching YouTube videos that people made using staged recordings of avatars in video games. The game gave them a visual means of playing out their story and creating their work. They may not have created the visuals, but otherwise, the content would be completely their own, which I believed was sometimes pretty darn creative.
