    The collaboration ended up being an odd project. Ryanne created the base which the group worked with, although Fan had his own patch for a while. George was the one that met with the music students the most and figured out how we could get input from them. I had worked on my own parts here and there, but it felt a little restricting as I was not sure if the other members would like the changes.
    
    It got somewhat difficult to keep track of the patch as there were multiple versions floating around and some of them contained important changes like the connections for the ctlin and bendin objects. Eventually, I gathered what seemed like the latest versions and mashed them together into one patch. After that was done, I focused on refining the movement of objects and connecting what I could to the input that the music students would send. The music students had wanted the objects to scale larger with their input so I tried to accommodate their wishes, but it just felt like the objects got a little too large. There were quite a few instances where objects would not behave as I wanted them to and I saw little reason for them to not work. We never did figure out why the background image became pixelated in the output, so I darkened the background to make the pixilation not as obvious.
    
    I believe that the rush during the last day was due to a connection error between the music student's mbox and our laptops. The midi controller in their class worked fine and sent signals without issue. We had encountered this issue during our previous meeting with them and it was resolved similarly. The patch worked fine when we loaded it on their class computer, but not on my laptop. Actually, the error may have been something else as the mbox managed to connect to our laptops on a few occasions with everything functioning perfectly. The issue usually started after a few minutes. The mbox would simply stop sending signal despite working just moments before. They checked and it seemed that the mbox was sending signal, although what exactly is a mystery.
    
    During the performance, the patch seemed to have broken for some reason. I would theorize that the signals they sent had changed somehow and were about triple what they had been before. I had scaled it so 127 would only turn the objects up to one degree with every tick of the metro, but the objects were spinning much faster than the 30 degrees per second that they should have been capped at. A random thought that popped into mind was that using an extended display picked up even the slightest movements of the mouse and sent the objects spinning even when I tried to stop them. I have no way to test this so it is only a theory for now. The patch itself functioned as it was supposed to during the tests after the performance and I had not been able to reproduce the issues during the performance.
