I found this reading particulrly interesting because the two authors emphasize that sound typically is not paired with images or live rendered graphics and it really should be.  Their rationel seems to be that historically, before an age of technology, it was particularly difficult to pair imagery and yet historically people had found ways to pair sound and images through devices such as oscilloscopes or cathode ray tubes.  With these things in mind, what they were really trying to say was that in order to create this sort of combination, much of it has to do with the psychology and with the experience which works together to make a successful piece.  

There is much in common with the two authors in that they are making similar points about visualization of sound.  But with regards to their differences Shaeffer is more concerned with the technicalities of music that does not fit into the genre of classical music.  This sort of synchronization of imagery and randomized sound, he termed it as concrete music.  On the other hand, Malina is more concerned with the end result of the artwork, how well it fits without thinking too hard about how to get it to fit, it just works. 

Often I tend to over think and I ponder the way something works and how it is supposed to work just like Shaeffer probably does.  But I am starting to see the beauty of going with the flow, just imagining what works but also allowing for freedom to allow for something better to be the output.  And now in an era of digital devices, we don't even have to worry about the redundant detail of such matters as the tools of visualization are already practically built for us.  So although I relate to Shaeffer personality wise, I agree more with melina, the human aspect going into the art is more important.