Kinetic art is a unacquainted term for me, I even think about this is a reading about working on Art with Xbox kinetic. In the beginning of the reading, Malian mention he did works about combining the sound with the image at the time human just begin to listen radio broadcasting several decades. Malian used to think music was composed by some noises. But the music is generated by a series of hand movements on the musical instrument by the musician, it creates an image makes the vision to assist auditory. Inside the musician instrument, there is a series of mechanical movement to generated the sound of the music, and the sound also generated by a series of vibration of atoms or molecules. It remains me my first time realize the movement of sound, it was the time I am listening to music with the Windows media player, a waveform animation was playing in the player following the rhythm or beat of the music.

Malian mostly work on electronic sound; it seems like our digital media artist working on the digital media. I used to think the digital medias like image and sound are something unphysical, it is something not real in the world. But the teacher in school told me these digital media is real. It creates and storage by a series of the electronic signal, and its transfers to the speaker or display by the electronic signal. The digital medias are existing; we didn’t see it like the audience can’t see the mechanical movement inside the musician instruments.

A reason to develop the science and technology is to see something we can’t see before. Different music software like MAX/MSP we are using right now is simulate the generation and transmission of sound. The sound will be visual able and value able in this software. The sound will translate into a series of data; the data can be generated some image like oscillography or something more complex. In the other hand, we can create music by translating this data into sound, some people even translate the image into sound such as something creating music by drawing a unicorn. However, this is not a new story, musicians already doing this for millenniums, they were doing this with pen and paper. Working on the software is much convenience, the computer will deal with the mass of data automatedly, it is the benefit being an artist in modern.
