
I read the reading “conversation on concrete music and kinetic art”. It was a written conversation between Mr. Malina and Mr. Schaeffer. Their conversation center around the conversation of sound and visual and how theirs are rather distinct from the traditional works. Schaeffer calls the musical pieces he created concrete music, where it doesn’t have a beginning or end to refer it to. While Malina express the way that he does his kinetic painting, where it would be focus on the art rather than the way the art is created. As an curious person myself, I fall directly into the category of people they dislike: the people who would want to know the technical first to give it a comparison, or at the most least, give it a meaning. From the reading, I understand from their stance how they create their art pieces, and what it was meant to be, but as someone who is a lot more technical that I realize I am, I like to look more into the way to create it so that I could also have a chance to understand their ways of creating. A normal thing in current generation, where everything is hardly original and remix of each other, having concrete visual and audio is confusing. I do appreciate the way they create their work however; they are harsh in their meaning of their piece, and would not take anything otherwise. There are no interpretation in their piece, it is meant to be that way not due to any influence, it became as it is because it worked well with each other. Hard to explain it in writing, and much better if people seen it. Like the authors has said, some may just be confusing on it, and some may just understand it all the same, there isn’t a type of audience for these kind of art pieces, and that’s fine. I think I created a piece back in a previous class, a bunch of thin metal slabs nailed together to create this kind of metal cocoon. Some may say it’s cool, and some (like my mom) just say its trash. There are always different stances on different art, it just depends if the artist has anything to interpret for their piece, if not, then there is nothing wrong. 