This is a conversation of two professors, Frank J. Malina and Pierre Schaeffer, talking about the relationship between sound and image. I think Malina’s thoughts are more on behalf of ordinary people, and Schaeffer has more unique ideas. Before this reading, I never think too much of sound and image. I think their combination is a common thing in our daily life, like television, music video, movie and so on. However, Schaeffer’s thoughts let me have a new understanding of the sound.

From his words, I know sound is not like music, it has a larger range, also includes noises. And even noises “can be separated from visual images and that one can master sounds in itself.” His program which entirely composed music of “noises” can state that this kind of concrete music still can exist individually and cause interests. I think it is an interesting point. Schaeffer make me focus on the sound itself and make me realize its important. In the daily life, we often ignore the sound when it combined with images, he reminds me that images always affect and disturb us and this is the reason why we often get distracted.

I also appreciate the ideas of “sign” and “index” since it is the origin to understand the meaning of a sound. Just like Schaeffer says, ”Since I understood these two characteristics of sound, I found it easier to synthesize sounds and to connect them than did many others interested in made of such sounds.” I think adding images to sound is like to give the sound a sign, but there is no connection between them most times. So it is really hard to find a perfect image to connect the sound even though it looks match. Thus, Schaeffer oppose the marriage of image and sound. And I think if we pay more attention to “index”, it means we can find the emotion of the sound itself.

They also talk about the influence of technology to sound, and they have great differences. Malina believes technology and science has an effect on music from a conceptual point, just like the technology to abstract art. However, Schaeffer think new conceptual music not produced by technology but by what composer saw. Even though he doesn’t admit the importance to compose, he can’t deny technology make sound more elaborate and harmonic, and really promote the development of sound. 
