	When I think of the pairing of audio with visuals, I first think of media such as television, movies, and even sound design for kinetic interaction with modern technology. Although all these things are fairly new manifestations, associating audio with visuals is nothing new. One of the first, most primal examples of it is pointed out in the passage where the authors talk about acousmatics, which is the study of the meaning of sound and noise. It is in our nature to learn and want to associate sounds with visuals, and vice versa. To me, in terms of being responsible for creating the association for other people, this means making sure that, to some extent, it makes sense. For example, we might want to naturally associate a quiet, high pitched sound to be associated with something dainty and little. You almost have to tap into a synesthetic type of mindset when thinking about creating visuals for abstract sounds or vice versa.
	Malin and Schaeffer also point out that it could be easy to have one distract from the other, especially when thinking about audio-visual relations in an artistic manner. This could partially be related to the pairings making sense, but also, if proper attention is not paid to one element or the other, they may become imbalanced, and one could overwhelm the other one.
	My favorite part of the article is “It is reasonably obvious that audio-visual art poses difficult problems. The processes of hearing sounds and of seeing images are quite different. Listening to music is a differentiating process, whereas, viewing a picture is an integrating one. Furthermore, one can listen comfortably to a succession of sounds of a much higher speed than in the case of a succession of images.” To use this as a means to piggyback off the last couple of points, I think that this difference of perceptive processes poses as a big reason as to why it can be a challenge to create an audio-visual composition in the first place.. I don’t believe that listening to music is a differentiating process 100% of the time, nor is viewing an image integrating 100% of the time. However, I can see how it is true most of the time, and definitely something to always consider when putting the two together. I really appreciated this quote, though, because I don’t think I would’ve ever realized it
	Another point in the reading that I connected to very well—maybe not necessarily in a way related to the upcoming music show—was the tendency for people to be extremely curious as to how one creates whatever he or she creates for others to enjoy. Ironically, the article is written from the perspective of a musician, but this completely makes sense to me as a visual artist as well. During my BFA show, people were constantly curious as to how I did the projection mapping and how I implemented the coded interactive element. As pointed out in the article, this is simply a “normal manifestation of human curiosity,
at least for those who do not just love to be mystified.” Unlike the author (who gets angry and feels it is none of their business), I actually really enjoy explaining my answers to questions like these and do not mind giving away my “secrets.”
	This reading, overall, made me very excited for the upcoming performance in which the class will have a chance to put this insight and ideas into action!

