The article is quite confusing with their attempts to create sound without meaning. Sounds naturally carry emotional weight and a person attaches their own ideas to whatever they hear. An alien noise may be neutral and meaningless the first time it is heard, but even during that session, opinions start to develop about that sound.

The concept of acousmatics is questionable as communication also comes from movements in the body and the visual may even provide information that sound cannot. It would allow a person to focus on the sound instead of the source, but the lack of visual stimulation could also lessen the experience and allow the mind to wander. Perhaps this freedom of thought is a quality that he intended for concrete music.

It is difficult to connect sounds and visuals directly as that ignores the various meanings that they have. Mixtures of colors and sounds would also change the emotions experienced. A color like purple could appear alongside most sounds in its varying shades.
His discussions of technology show that he lacks an understanding of other parts of the world. Another culture is not technologically inferior simply due to differences in development. Most would be prejudiced toward their own art forms and have different ideas on beauty. Later he comments on developments in music being slower than in the visual arts, but with his kinetic art, music and visual arts directly influence each other. Unless his developments came far after those in the visual arts, would kusic not be a contemporary form connecting both categories?
